Add `vue/no-undef-components` rule and deprecate `vue/no-unregistered-components` rule (#1763)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/no-undef-components.md

---
pageClass: rule-details
sidebarDepth: 0
title: vue/no-undef-components
description: disallow use of undefined components in `<template>`
---
# vue/no-undef-components

> disallow use of undefined components in `<template>`

- :exclamation: <badge text="This rule has not been released yet." vertical="middle" type="error"> ***This rule has not been released yet.*** </badge>

## :book: Rule Details

This rule warns that the component used in the `<template>` is not defined in `<script setup>`.  

> This rule reports components that haven't been defined and are being used in the `<template>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule warns reports component that are used in the `<template>`, but that are not defined in the `<script setup>` or the Options API's `components` section.
```

Author: Thank you!
